## The game
\> Prelogue<br>
Windows is getting conservative. they put their efforts, and trying to tell us: AI is everything.<br>
Idk, but it is true when you expect something to be better, things will become worse than ever.

\> Comments<br>
I love osu stable, sometimes I can stay for a long time in front of my laptop, just to see the skin ui.<br>
But, it's a shame that I'm using Linux, and I have no other choice.

        I would definitely not use Wine. I hate spending my life into configuration, and I hate bloatware.

Now it is Lazer's turn.<br>
But unfortunate. It is an open source project.<br>
This blog explains the situation of open source softwares: https://danielc.dev/blog/why-open-source-sucks/

Let's talk the pp-system first.<br>
The pp-system is the core of this game. Both pp and the rank maintains the players passion on this game.<br>
The activity of players determines how long a community can live, so probably the reason why there's so many memes and pp-farm maps.<br>
People desires a high position, not even in this game, they tried everything to achieve the high rank, to show their identity "existence of being here".

That's why when you click into a multiplayer server, most of time you will see they are playing the same song,<br>
and this is the point where I hated most. Now I have to find nice songs by myself.

Second, the game itself is a bit "corrupted".<br>
The main reason? I said it is an open source project. But however, it seems worse than any other open source project.<br>
Have you ever seen more than 60k commits github repository? Unexpected, Ridiculous. Bugs occured more frequent than ever before.<br>
Seems like ppy-team forget they represent the official of osu, "whatever, at least I got my cash, I made this game popular, I am the goat..."<br>
Pathetic.

Last, idk.
Harbingo sucks.

\> edited in 2026/06/23, written by cutt37
